docs(README): add note on the requirement of the `strictNullChecks` option (#719)
octokit/webhooks: README.md

};
```

> **Note**: You _MUST_ enable the [`strictNullChecks` option](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#strictNullChecks) in your `tsconfig` in order to use the types. See [#395](https://github.com/octokit/webhooks/issues/395) for details.

Reviewer: I would try to rephrase this to sound less imperative but looks good to me.

```suggestion
**⚠️ Caution ⚠️ **: Webhooks Types are expected to be used with [`strictNullChecks` option](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#strictNullChecks) in your `tsconfig`. If you don't have this option enabled, there's the possibility you get `never` as inferred type in some use cases. See [#395](https://github.com/octokit/webhooks/issues/395) for details.
```

Author: Updated to use your wording
